Now let's take a look at the Movement Process
from the point-of-view of Operations Personnel.
The movement process begins when Migrants from all over the world
would require travel assistance from IOM.
Operations Personnel would assist in preparing the necessary documents
prior to booking the tickets for the migrants.
Once everything is set, the Ops Personnel books a ticket for the migrants
by communicating with IOM's Airlines Partners.
The proflight number, passenger information, and travel details
are given to the Airlines Partners
and once everything is done and verified, a ticket is issued accordingly.
The ticket contains all the necessary information regarding fares & taxes.
With all of these information on hand, the Ops Personnel
would then input all the data into iGATOR.
And once it is time for the Migrants to depart,
the TOR is set to USED
the Movement Process is now complete.
So where was MSS in all of this? Let's take a look.